Your IQ is so low, it's a negative number.
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
You're not stupid, you just have bad luck thinking.
If I wanted to hear from an idiot, I'd watch your TikTok.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
I'm jealous of people who haven't met you.
You bring everyone so much joy... when you leave the room.
I'd explain it to you but I left my crayons at home.
You're like a cloud. When you disappear, it's a beautiful day.
I'm not saying you're dumb, but you make me look like Einstein.
You're proof that evolution can go in reverse.
If brains were dynamite, you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose.
You're the human equivalent of a participation trophy.
I'd call you a tool, but that would imply you're useful.
You're like Monday mornings - nobody likes you.
Your secrets are safe with me. I wasn't even listening.
You're not the dumbest person alive, but you better hope they don't die.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
You're the reason shampoo has instructions.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person alive.
You're living proof that birth control isn't 100% effective.
I'd challenge you to a battle of wits, but I see you came unarmed.
You're like a software update. Whenever I see you, I think "not now."
Your family tree must be a cactus because everyone on it is a prick.
You're not completely useless - you can always serve as a bad example.
I'd tell you to go outside, but you'd just ruin nature too.
You're the type of person who would fail a survey.
If you were any more inbred, you'd be a sandwich.
You're like a broken pencil - pointless.
I'd roast you, but my mom said I can't burn trash.
You're the reason aliens won't visit us.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You're so dense, light bends around you.
I'd say you're one in a million, but that's too generous.
You're like a participation award - everyone gets one, but nobody wants it.
If stupidity was a superpower, you'd be invincible.
You're the human version of a typo.
I'd call you average, but that would be an insult to average people.
You're like a dial-up connection in a 5G world.
Your personality is like a wet sock - uncomfortable and nobody wants it.
